#!/bin/bash
cd /usr/bin/
wget -qO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayaze01/clash/main/mm/add-ssh
wget -qO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayaze01/clash/main/mm/add-ws
wget -qO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayaze01/clash/main/mm/add-vless
wget -qO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayaze01/clash/main/mm/add-tr
wget -qO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayaze01/clash/main/mm/add-ss
chmod +x add-ssh
chmod +x add-ws
chmod +x add-vless
chmod +x add-tr
chmod +x add-ss
wget -qO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayaze01/clash/main/mm/cek-ssh
wget -qO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayaze01/clash/main/mm/cek-ws
wget -qO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayaze01/clash/main/mm/cek-vless
wget -qO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayaze01/clash/main/mm/cek-tr
wget -qO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayaze01/clash/main/mm/cek-ss
chmod +x cek-ssh
chmod +x cek-ws
chmod +x cek-vless
chmod +x cek-tr
chmod +x cek-ss
wget -qO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayaze01/clash/main/mm/del-ssh
wget -qO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayaze01/clash/main/mm/del-ws
wget -qO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayaze01/clash/main/mm/del-vless
wget -qO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayaze01/clash/main/mm/del-tr
wget -qO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayaze01/clash/main/mm/del-ss
chmod +x del-ssh
chmod +x del-ws
chmod +x del-vless
chmod +x del-tr
chmod +x del-ss
wget -qO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayaze01/clash/main/mm/renew-ssh
wget -qO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayaze01/clash/main/mm/renew-ws
wget -qO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayaze01/clash/main/mm/renew-vless
wget -qO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayaze01/clash/main/mm/renew-tr
wget -qO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayaze01/clash/main/mm/renew-ss
chmod +x renew-ssh
chmod +x renew-ws
chmod +x renew-vless
chmod +x renew-tr
chmod +x renew-ss
wget -qO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayaze01/clash/main/mm/get-domain
chmod +x get-domain
wget -qO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayaze01/clash/main/mm/update
chmod +x update
cd
rm -f i
rm -f i.*
exit
